how to vlog part two today I'm going
over the basics of Adobe Premiere CC and
we're actually going to start editing
hopefully you can follow along with your
own project and get some major pro tips
and how to vlog current one I went over
what camera should you use see different
editing software's and now we're just
going to jump right into premier but
before we start I'm going to take a few
seconds to tell you a little bit about
Skillshare they are sponsoring this
video they are basically a online site
where you can go and take over 15,000
classes and design photography video so
I'm doing a lot of talking about how to
edit and editing in Premiere but if
you're still a little bit confused on
filming and maybe you don't know how to
shoot a manual you're kind of confused
about shutter and ISO and aperture I'm
going to link some Skillshare classes in
the description below and you can also
go and have a two month free trial via
my links you can go take class you could
be a teacher yourself you can do
different projects it's it's an awesome
platform I feel like I'm talking very
fast so friendly I didn't have any
coffee this morning let me know if you
guys have any questions along the way
let's get into it hopefully by the end
of this you can shoot some stuff and
pour it into premiere and make a little
video out of it you will be able to see
the keys that I'm pressing down below
because I'm fancy like that and I got
you this is a real-life log that you
guys are going to see it is the simplest
of all videos because you know I get
fancy with my videos but honestly this
was just recorded with my iPhone so it's
proof that you don't have to go and
spend a expensive carrot just pick up
your phone and this is what I like to
call a potato vlog because they don't
look bad but it's not the best catching
up from where we last left off in part
one we have our footage import the first
thing that I always do is double click
the footage so it pops out into its own
window I press this little button down
here to have icon view instead of list I
keep my project window down here and
list view and then I put my footage in
icon view so I can see the some mils of
what's going on I'm going to sort by
name just what's in the order of the day
I'm going to grab this window what's
great about Premiere is you can grab
any window in any window and put it
wherever you want you can put it up in
this tab you can put it in this window
you can move the windows around it's
really up to you so I like to keep it
just in this tab to the right of my
project window so this is a project
window this is where all of your stuff
goes so this is where you import
everything so whether you have titles
whether you want to import music whether
you want to import pictures anything
that goes into your final video you're
going to import it into this this
project window right here small notes
typically my sequences are 24 frames per
second because that's what I shoot in
but when shooting with the iPhone they
are by default 30 frames per second so I
imported my footage via image capture
and then imported that footage and now
my sequence of 30 frames
I prefer 24 and that bottom left-hand
window we now have the project panel we
have a bin with all of my footage so
advantage of something you create this
little icon with a drop-down window that
you can especially a folder so how you
create a new bin is just command beat so
I'm going to say music so I'm going to
put any music that I import in there and
I'm going to say text and so that's
where I'm going to put any titles that I
have and you can label these different
colors you just click on labels and just
choose a different color click on these
to organize by alphabetical order or by
framerate let's continue going through
these tabs Media Browser is where you
can pull in assets from previous
projects and previous sequences without
importing the entire project or closing
out premiere and going into another
project just to grab like one file I'm
going to go into detail with that at a
later time libraries I don't use that
much you don't really need to focus on
it info effects this is where you can
find things to color grade with like the
luma tree panel the luma tree panel is a
great limit recolor is a great thing to
start out color grading or adjusting
saturation or anything like that
Berger's ends in history
what you are doing in premier moving on
to the top left panel this is your
preview window I'm going to click on
some footage here so this is my first
clip that I am putting in my vlog I'm
going to double click it once you double
click clips in the project window it's
going to shoot up to this top left-hand
window to preview that video in premiere
there are certain things that you can do
with your keyboard different keys do
different shortcuts in the program I
have an entirely different keyboard
shortcut keyboard because I have
customize it to the way I like it to the
way it makes sense to where all of my
keyboard shortcuts are on the left side
of my keyboard so my right hand can
always stay on the mouth or the trackpad
and my left hand can just type and be a
ninja over here and do all the things of
premiere so I never have to bring up my
right hand I made an entirely different
video on that you can watch that after
however I'm going to put my shortcuts
down in the description below for you to
download so you can check them out and
you got to be on the same page as me if
you want to change them to your liking
you can go to Premiere Pro CC hit
keyboard shortcuts and here is a
beautiful layout of what key does what
this is going to help you a ton in the
beginning when you have no idea to a
very basic examples of this is if you
press Z on the keyboard that changes
your mouse to the selection tool if you
press C on the keyboard that changes
your mouse to a blade to the cut tool so
the selection tool will grab a clip and
you can move it around and do whatever
you want with it see the razor tool is
going to cut that clip in half wherever
you click on the clip so let's start
previewing some Clips saying what we
want to bring down into our timeline
which is the bottom right
according to Peachy shortcuts my
shortcuts if I do for that is going to
expand this timeline if I press 3 is
going to shrink it down so when I expand
the timeline you can get more precise
cuts shrink it down that means this
entire length is the entire video what I
do first is I click on a clip here so
that is right before I talk I'm going to
press E to set the in point I'm going to
press add
to go forward in the video I can press f
again to watch it fast and press F again
to even make it even more fast as I want
you and I want to stop it I can put the
D and if I want to go in reverse
I can press it again these are my
shortcuts but this is the same if you
press L or K to stop or Jake to go back
so JK and elbow shortcuts will already
be in premiere so JK and L is the
standard shuttle Ford stop and shuttle
back in your clip or in your timeline
okay so I've stopped the sentence so I'm
going to press art at an out point
obviously that's not super precise but
I'm going to worry about it when is in
the timeline so here in the timeline
again I can press 3 to shrink the
timeline down or press 4 to expand the
timeline I'm going to drag this clip
down and now we have this image in the
top right of premiere this is where
you're going to see where your final
video is going to play press spacebar if
I don't like you my three days are over
tomography the other three Kirby husband
I was actually oh so I stopped so I'm
going to press C for the blade tool or
the razor tool going to make that cut
and press V and just delete it another
way to get rid of that fat at the end so
I just trust community to edit to undo
another way to turn that clip is to just
hover your mouse over the end of it
you're going to get this little tool and
you can just drag it on to lift and now
you have the first cut clip okay I'm
going to keep watching this foolish
human another way to bring down a clip
is in according to my shortcut you can
do it using period
actually that was a cause a ton of fun
on the fun but for my dream I'm actually
killing creeps we can't leave and
they're swimming I'm tweeting at you
were looking at you if you just bring
the entire clip down to the timeline
another way to make a cut which actually
is all the time is pressing Q what she
does is it automatically cuts wherever
your playhead is and then it brings it
all the way to the end of your last clip
so watch this magic here ready you ready
for it
q boom boom it's like magic
the same with W if you want to get rid
of this
you just press W yes you were looking at
you look super you perceive it thank you
I'm busy to get hundreds and hundreds of
comment about my orator about what I do
every single day at the tricky and the
tricky thing hey tricky thing to handle
after I got
man hired he doesn't realize how its
cover
every
tricky thing to handle after
I just run up the volume on this one
Clint by grabbing the audio and bringing
it up if you make an edit on one clip
and want to apply it to multiple clips
are you click on that clip command C and
then shift command V and it will say
paste attributes and you can paste those
attributes and now the volume husband
raised on the other clips okay so we
have the first few clips of this vlog so
you want to bring in some music how how
you do that so double click the project
window in order to bring in some music
where you get your music Sara mostly
from SoundCloud copyrighted music is
tricky because you don't want your video
taken down or anything like that but
there are a lot of great copyright songs
that you can use but just be add since
the revenue that adds that YouTube put
some pro your videos will go to that
artist so if you're just starting on
youtube you're not going to be making
Bank off Adsense it's okay to use a
copyrighted song in my instance you just
want to make sure that your video isn't
going to be like blocked or taken down
so I'm just going to bring in these jams
going to put them in music how you bring
in music is just like a video you say
your in and out points to when you want
that music to start you are going to
take it you're going to take that audio
you want to drag it down into where
audio goes this line right here is the
divide between video tracks on top and
then the audio tracks on the bottom how
to expand these video tracks or audio
tracks if you hover your mouse over it
like this and then you scroll up that
gets bigger or you scroll down if you
want to expand all of them at the same
time to the same side you press shift go
up go down also if you want to see the
thumbnails of the videos in the timeline
like I do I don't think it's set to this
by default so all you do is press this
wrench you press show videos ml's and it
will do it for you so you import music
again how you adjust the audio is you
grab this and you go up with it or you
go down with it another way is you can
double click go into asset control do
volume and you can change it here and
then you can also set keyframes I will
go into keyframes in the neck
video a simple way to adjust the audio
over time is clicking this waveform you
press command and then click that create
a little keyframe and then press command
click over here drag this down and look
it fades in if you can tell when I move
the clips around in the timeline they
kind of snap they snap to point so say
if I had the playhead right here it will
just kind of like snap to the playhead
perfectly that is what is this button
right here it's called snuff you can
toggle it by pressing Z when it's turned
off it doesn't do that precise snapping
let's look at this program window a
little bit more if you come down and
look at where it says half this is a
playback resolution you can do this both
on the program monitor but also on this
preview window over here if you press
this drop down menu and press full is
going to playback at its fullest
resolution but sometimes depending on
your computer and once you start adding
in effects premiere can't really handle
it your computer might not be able to
handle it so you can lower it to half
when I'm dealing with drone footage 4k
drone footage the resolution is just
crazy high and my computer just gives up
and so I typically will do the playback
resolution to one fourth on the right
here is your audio meters you never
really want this on red if it's red that
means your audio is peaking and that's
bad that's when it sounds all distorted
and bad so if your audio isn't peaking
in your camera it shouldn't peak in
Premiere but if you crank up the volume
in Premiere you can get it to peak which
is like you don't you don't want that so
pay attention to that meter over here a
good audio level to stick around is like
the minus six if you want to add a
marker to a clip to mark some sort of
significance to it you press M and it
adds that little marker and then if you
have snap turned on your playhead will
snap to it and then you can line up
other Clips on top of it depending on
where that marker is so you want as a
marker on the timeline instead of the
clip you click the timeline instead of a
clip and you press them and also to
marker up here on the timeline this is
handy when you're trying to line up
Clips to maybe some music you can really
get creative with it the last few things
that I'm going to talk about in this
video is some of these different tools
so V is obviously just the mouse you can
move move things around and then the
last important tool that you should know
about is the track to look for tools
allows you to grab all of the clips
after where you click and also if you
click the shift button after you press a
to track forward select this will select
only the clips on the same video line if
you can tell when I did that it didn't
grab the clip on video track thank you
guys so much for tuning in I hope this
video helped especially you guys who
find editing and video kind of
intimidating hopefully this breaks down
those walls and you know allows you to
take the first steps towards creating
you guys get this you've got it if you
have any friends or classmates or
teachers who are teaching this stuff let
them know about this series let's do it
hopefully we can share the education
share the knowledge and one last shout
out the skill share thank you so much
for sponsoring this video you can go and
take over 15,000 classes regarding
photography video design any
entrepreneurial marketing type thing you
get two months free under under my link
click in the link in the description
below and then premium membership beyond
that is only around ten dollars a month
so it's like college shoot what is
college just kidding just kidding I mean
I'm not totally kidding College is only
appropriate for certain certain people
but that's a whole nother video thank
you for tuning in let me know if you
like this video smash that like button I
hit that subscribe button down below for
blogs for tutorials like this and all
the things and yes I will see you guys
next time new videos every Monday
through Friday at 8 p.m. Eastern stairs
here on San Adichie's up YouTube uses a
complex Sara pichi pichi
[Music]
nailed it jpg okay